Add 1-click deploy to Render (#1)
render-examples/chatgpt-retrieval-plugin: README.md

# ChatGPT Retrieval Plugin, Hosted on Render

> Fork this repo and click the button below to deploy your ChatGPT Retrieval Plugin server. You will be prompted to enter your OpenAI API key. The bearer token for your retrieval plugin server will be generated automatically. You can find it in the "Environments" tab on the Render dashboard page for the server.

Reviewer: maybe link https://dashboard.render.com/

Reviewer: It's probably also worth noting that this:
* uses weaviate as the vector store
* uses starter plans for both the server and db, which cost money, anything you think is important about sizing for performance, and about the free option

Author: Good call. Let me know what you think of the additions.

Reviewer: This looks better. Two suggestions (that Anurag or Meagan can also review):
* It might also be worth adding something about the possibility of free plans and limitations
* Since prices can change, you could also direct to the pricing page (e.g. as of April 2023, this costs $15/month, for latest check render.com/pricing).

Author: On the first point I did add this:
> The FastAPI server is compatible with [Render's free plan](https://render.com/docs/free) but the Weaviate database is not because it has a disk.

Should I say more? Once we move to postgres the whole setup should be doable on the free tier.

Good call on pricing changes. Will add that.

# ChatGPT Retrieval Plugin, Hosted on Render

Fork this repo and click the button below to deploy your ChatGPT Retrieval
Plugin server to [Render](https://render.com). You will be prompted to enter
your OpenAI API key. The bearer token for your retrieval plugin server will be

> generated automatically. You can find it in the "Environments" tab on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
generated automatically. You can find it in the "Environment" tab on the
```

> [Render dashboard](https://dashboard.render.com) page for the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Render dashboard](https://dashboard.render.com) page for your server.
```

<a href="https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/render-examples/chatgpt-retrieval-plugin/tree/main">
<img src="https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg" alt="Deploy to Render" />
</a>
<br><br>

The [Render Blueprint](https://render.com/docs/blueprint-spec) in this repo at
[render.yaml](render.yaml) configures the OpenAI Retrieval Plugin FastAPI server
and a self-hosted [Weaviate](https://weaviate.io/) vector database to back it.

> As of April 2023, this setup would cost $15 to run continuously for a month. The

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of April 2023, this setup costs $15 to run continuously for a month. The
```

> two services on Render's Starter plan cost $7/month each and the 4 GB persistent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
two services on Render's Starter plan cost $7/month each, and the 4 GB persistent
```

disk attached to the Weaviate service costs $1/month. Check [Render's pricing
page](https://render.com/pricing) for up-to-date pricing information.

> Depending on your use case, you may wish to scale up to a larger plan or to
> horizontally scale the FastAPI server. Consult Weaviate's [resource planning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might want to scale up to a larger plan or to
horizontally scale the FastAPI server. Consult Weaviate's [resource planning
```
